Write a procedure that computes the following by a recursive and iterative
process.

`f(n) = n if n<3 and f(n) = f(n - 1) + 2f(n - 2) + 3f(n - 3) if n> 3`

The recursive version was straight forward and as SICP explains, it's ease
of implementation is one of the reasons recursive processes are valuable
despite the higher computing resources they consume.

```
(define (recur a)
  (if (< a 3)
      a
      (+ (recur (- a 1)) (* 2 (recur (- a 2))) (* 3 (recur (- a 3))) )))
```

The iterative version took much longer to figure out. I initially tried hacking
away at it directly
in Dr. Racket but that didn't work. My thought was to try removing `recur` calls
out of the arguments in the recursive version, similar to the difference between
the recursive and iterative versions in Ex 1.9:

```
; recursive version
(define (+ a b)
  (if (= a 0)
      b
      (inc (+ (dec a) b))))

; iterative version
(define (+ a b)
  (if (= a 0)
      b
      (+ (dec a) (inc b))))
```

The main difference is the recursive calls - in the recursive version one of the
arguments is a recursive call.

```
(inc (+ (dec a) b)))) ; recursive
(+ (dec a) (inc b)))) ; iterative
```

I thought, maybe I could somehow change the arguments so none of them have a
recursive call. Something like going from:

`(+ (recur (- a 1)) (* 2 (recur (- a 2))) (* 3 (recur (- a 3))) )))`

to something like:

`(recur (+ (- a 1) (* 2 (- a 2)) (* 3 (- a 3))))`

Of course that didn't work but hopefully you get the idea. So then I took pen
and paper and started writing out each iteration.

```
n = 0; f(0) = n
n = 1; f(1) = n
n = 2; f(2) = n
n = 3; f(3) = f(2) + 2f(1) + 3f(0)
n = 4; f(4) = f(3) + 2f(2) + 3f(1)
n = 5; f(5) = f(4) + 2f(3) + 3f(2)
```

That's when I saw a pattern, starting at `n = 3` at each iteration
everything starts shifting to the right. Like so:

```
f(3) = f(2) f(1) f(0)
  |       |    |
   ----\   --\  --\
f(4) = f(3) f(2) f(1)
  |       |    |
   ----\   --\  --\
f(5) = f(4) f(3) f(2)
```

I also remembered that in iterative processes we have all the values
we need for our calculation at each step, there are no deferred calculations.
You can clearly see this in the example above. At each step we have all the
values we need, *though some are calculated in a previous step*. This is different from
deferred calculations that occur in recursive processes since there's no expanding
and then unrolling the stack to go backwards calculating values for each prior step.
The key piece of information for me was understanding the right order to send
values to the next step - everything needs to be shifted one to the right.

Here's the final solution:

```
(define (bar amount)
  (if (< amount 3)
      amount
      (bar-iter 2 1 0 1 amount)))

(define (bar-iter a b c counter max-count)
    (if (= counter max-count)
        a
        (bar-iter (+ a (* 2 b) (* 3 c)) a b (+ counter 1) max-count)))
```

It's the ordering of arguments that you pass to the iterative method call that's
important here.
