In an ideal execution of `sqrt` each `guess` gets reasonably closer to the
right answer.

```
(sqrt 9)

1    10      5
5    6.8     3.4
3.4  6.047   3.02352941176471
3.02 6.00018 3.00009
```

## Small Numbers

The algorithm is not very effective for small numbers because each guess
is not very good. On each iteration the biggest jump `guess` takes towards
the right answer is only half of itself. For example, from 1
it goes to 0.5005, about half. The smaller the number we're trying to find
the `sqrt` for the smaller the increments will be on each iteration.

```
(sqrt .001)

1                0.001            0.5005
0.5005           0.001998001998   0.251249000999
0.251249000999   0.00398011532792 0.12761455816346
0.12761455816346 0.00783609655819 0.06772532736083
```

Below is a case where it fails for small numbers by giving the same
answer for two different numbers.

```
(sqrt .000000000000000001)
  => 0.03125000000000001
(sqrt .0000000000000000001)
  => 0.03125
(sqrt .00000000000000000001)
  => 0.03125
```

## Big Numbers

The current `sqrt` method is not effective for large numbers because you can
get stuck in a loop.

```
(sqrt 9999999999999999)
  => 100000000
(sqrt 99999999999999999)
  => stuck looping
```

The problem is with calculating the next guess:

```
(/ 99999999999999999 316227766.01683795)
```

Which returns 316227766.01683795. Using Newton's method we end up with

```
(/ (+ 316227766.01683795 316227766.01683795) 2)
```

Meaning our next guess never changes and thus we get stuck in a loop.

## Modified good-enough?

Would a new `good-enough?` method that "changes from one iteration to the
next and to stop when the change is a very small fraction of the guess" be
"better" for these small and big numbers?

For small numbers - yes. Because the moment it stops changing by about half
you know your guesses are getting close.

For large numbers - even better. Because you will no longer get stuck in a
loop. Why? Because checking for a "small change" includes checking for no
change - thus you always have a terminating case and will never get stuck
in a loop.
